How lucky was I to be walking around the area with some time to kill on a random Tuesday and stumble into this place! The natural lighting, white counter tops, tables, and floor provide an awesome and welcoming vibe from the start. The menu was tough, because I was eating by myself. I went with the beef tartare (tartare on any menu seems to have a gravitational pull for me) and the tempura squash dish. Both were nothing short of phenomenal. I was riding solo, so I sat at the bar and had a lovely conversation with the bartender Drew. Not only did he constantly make beautiful drinks while answering my incessant questions, but also provided awesome stories, insights, and fun facts about Marlowe and all things foodie. Definitely looking forward to exploring more of the menu, and enjoying Marlowe again soon.,
The Fanny bay oysters were awesome. Great way to start and then the deep fried brussel sprouts were just as good. I had the burger which is their signature dish was great, Very juicy and tasty. Fun place to dine but the place gets crowded due to the popularity, great food and friendly service. Definitely a good place to meet people. A hipsters hangout good drinks and appetizers.,
Came by for a team dinner the other night and was surprised that we were able to be seated around 5:15 pm without a reservation! Staff was friendly throughout the meal, but the food itself was lackluster. Ordered the Angus Ribeye medium rare and it came out medium well...bummer. More importantly, the dish was heavily salted, the steak, potatoes, and broccoli...bummer. ...even the brussel sprouts were too salty...,
3.5 stars. I had high hope but I am disappointed. My boyfriend and I visited on a Friday at 6:30pm and got seated right away at communal table. We ordered the beef tartare for appetizer. It was very good and good portion for two people. My pork chop came next after 20 minutes. To my disappointment, it was dry and lacked flavor. For $32, I expected better. Food aside, I think Marlowe would be a great place to grab a drink and catch up with friends. But I wouldn't come back for the food.,
I reallllllly liked Marlowe. I took a client here for lunch and I have to say -- the pictures on yelp and opentable weren't very good. Yes, I can see how it would be a sexy and sleek place in the evening but in the daytime it's just a fresh and bright place to go with colleagues or clients. Brussell Sprout chips were fantastic -- I would definitely recommend for a couple of folks to nosh on while waiting for your food. Coffee was good, thick and caffeinated :) Lunch was delish -- my boss and client got the same thing: a fried chicken sando. I got the steak salad. Nothing disappointing -- and everything was cooked perfectly. I will be back -- and with different clients this time :),
Stopped by for a quick dinner after work. Interior is so cute and aesthetically pleasing - loved the marble countertops and all of the animal-themed pieces. Food was great! Highly recommend the Deviled Eggs (surprisingly) and the Octopus Salad for starters. Baked Oysters were a no go for me though. The clam chowder made it too rich for my taste. The Marlowe burger was cooked perfectly and the fries that came with it were awesome. Plus, I mentioned that my friend and I would be sharing everything so they even took the time to split the burger for us without being asked to... which is super nice and convenient :') Servers were very attentive and constantly checking up on us. Solid dinner spot in SoMa!!,
Drinks are great and the food is awesome! I love the retro kitchen ambiance and how bright and open the space is.,
Mmmmmmm-arlowe. Yup, starts with that yummy goodness. I walked in and was instantly impressed and enveloped into the low lighting mystique of it all. Felt like my Monday evening got a lot more enchanting quickly. I sat at the bar as I was traveling solo for biz and did a quick intake of things being ordered and the polenta made me do a double take. I walked in fully intending on ordering a meat dish of some kind and scraped that idea in a flash once I laid my eyes on bowl of polenta perfection, aptly dressed by a broken poached egg yolk and getting chummy with wild mushrooms, Parmesan cheese, and peppery arugula to keep things bright. Damn. This was goooooood. And I have to say, the Brussels sprouts chips may have been the best I've ever had. I wish I order a double batch. Sheesh. This place is freaking tasty. Wish I could justify all my meals here in one trip, but alas, gotta try some other wonders. But I'll be back next time I'm in town!,
I knew Marlowe had to be pretty fantastic considering that there were never any available tables every time I tried to book a reservation. I was excited just to finally get in right at the end of the workday on a Thursday evening. Service at Marlowe is perfection. The servers practically read your mind. Thinking you may need some more crostini? Before even asking, it's on the table. Food and drinks come out almost too fast, which is about the only negative I can think of. It makes the experience feel a little rushed. Food is delicious. My friend and I shared the Crispy Brussels Sprouts Chips, Steak Tartare, Warm Deviled Egg, Mushroom Soup, and Duck Liver Mousse, so got a nice sampling of their menu along with some very good Sangiovese. It's hard to decide what I liked best although I'm already craving those Brussels Sprouts Chips. Taking the time to separate all those Brussels Sprouts leaves makes all the difference in the world, but the process of doing so probably contributes to the heftier prices. I already have cravings for the Warm Deviled Egg as well, which cost $3 for a single half. I probably would have eaten a dozen otherwise! Although on the pricy side, Marlowe is worth it for the quality of food and service they provide, along with a comfortable and casual decor. I'm hooked and look forward to going back soon.,
Finally stopped here for brunch after months of hearing great things. I have to say, I'm disappointed. There was nothing particularly interesting or high quality about this rejoined spot. From the menu options to the flavors to the interior design to the service, everything was very mediocre.,
LEGIT. Walked in for lunch with a party of 6, we got lucky to get seated right away, but were asked if we had reservations so I am guessing they get packed here. Started off by ordering some cocktails, which were nicely crafted with the right amount of alcohol. Half a dozen of oysters which were also good. I ordered the chicken sandwich with a salad and my hubby ordered the burger... we split so we can have a taste of each and I'm glad we did. They were BOTH SO GOOD! Cute establishment here.,
Although the hostess was bothered by the fact that we didn't have a lunch reservation for six people at 2pm, we got seated right away. After that silliness, everything from the service to the food was legit. Had the oysters for appetizer, oh so good. Had the marlowe burger and fried chicken sandwich- the best. Their fries are delicious too. They also have a great cocktail menu. This place is legit. Make a reservation if you want to please the hostess but get here.,
Bright and trendy restaurant located in SOMA off Brannan.  Wonderful innovative cocktail menu, delicious combinations of ingredients and booze!  Great selection of small plates and appetizers, fresh oysters were great, grilled octopus and squid salad was delicious and fresh/lemony, grilled prawns were seasoned perfectly and grilled to perfection. Brusselsprouts chips were crunchy and delish with a hint of lemon and sea salt. Asparagus was a great dish. Service was excellent,
Ordered: bone marrow, beef tartare, raw oysters, Brussels sprouts, pork chop, ribeye, apple crisp Food: Everything was good but nothing really stood out to me. My favorite dish that we ordered was the raw oysters. They were super fresh and sweet. My least favorite were the Brussels sprouts since it was a little on the burnt side to me. Service: Service was attentive and friendly. Food came out at a good pace (not too long and not everything at once),
Bright and friendly restaurant with innovative menu. Very impressed with the wait staff. Absolutely loved the clam chowder baked oysters and fried butternut squash in particular. I would skip the cauliflower side dish. Way more cheese than cauliflower and it congealed super quickly.,
I don't think the food was worth the price. The setting is nice and staff is good. Not a big selection of items either.,
LOVE LOVE LOVED IT! Everything start to finish was incredible.  We got the squid/octopus salad and bone marrow to start.  I dont care for eating straight fat but the marrow and the relish they served it with were delicious.  The scallop dish was unbelieveable as was my husbands pork chop.  Both cooked to perfection.  The rhubarb and an expresso were the perfect finish.  O yea, and our server was great -- we could totally tell he loved working there!,
We went here for brunch before a Giants game and it was the perfect choice! We had a reservation but the wait didn't seem too long for Sunday early afternoon. As far as drinks go, the juicer and pimms cup were both great. I loved the jalapeño in the juicer. We started with the deviled eggs and french toast soldiers. Both are a must! The polenta was great, it's nice that it comes with lots of greens. The cod and shrimp Benedict was also amazing! Perfectly crispy. This amount of food was perfect for two people and we'll definitely be back!,
Came here for brunch on Sunday around 1 and loved it!! The food and ambiance are both great. The only thing was that we waited a bit long for our food (~30min) but it was worth it,
Marlowe was great for brunch! My friend and I made a reservation a couple hours in advance on a Saturday and had no problems getting a reasonable time. The service and food was great! We ordered the crispy chicken sandwich that came with an amazing aioli sauce as well as the cod and shrimp Benedict! It would be great if the Benedict came with some type of bread. Also the regular coffee and cup of pineapple juice seemed a bit overpriced -- $5 each. Other than that, the prices for the dishes seemed reasonable and the quality of the food was great