Best meal in SF I've had yet. This review is long overdue! I made a reservation and came here with 2 friends on a week night. When we got there around 6, it was still fairly empty. We got seated at a table furthest away from the door and were given menus. After some deliberations, we went with the sea bass, the pork chop, and the special, which was the short ribs - Korean style. We split the meal family style, cutting up pieces here and there so we can all experience the menu. The short ribs were perfectly tender and moist with a bugolgi flavor. The pork chop was.... SO GOOD. The pomegranate sauce served with it was so delicious. There was a bit of fat on the chop we had to cut around. The sea bass was served with a side of noodles and Chinese long string beans. I would order the noodles on the side by itself. For dessert, we ordered the coconut creme brulee, the chocolate cake with ice cream, and mango tapioca. The mango tapioca might be hands down the best dessert I've ever ordered at a restaurant. Damn was it good. Ambiance is casual but the price is what you'd see at a slightly higher end restaurant. The food is definitely worth it though.,
Went mid week around 8:30. It was still pretty full but squeezed in for two. I would not suggest sitting near the door, it's drafty and too distracting in general. Make a reservation if you can.  I have been here twice previously and always enjoyed their food. It embodies the essence of Asian fusion although it seems to have gotten a lot pricier recently. The grilled octopus was just tasty. found the meat to be a bit chewy as you'd expect, but I liked the sauce. My steak over house noodles was ordered cooked medium rare, and came out very rare.The meat was quite fatty too. Noodles were well seasoned and not over done. They do not carry local beer, which is a drag. Interior is crowded, with small tables closely packed. They can't fit more than a couple dishes on the 2 tops at a time. Good for a party feeling, but not romance. Service was prompt and speedy. It seemed a little too much like a mill than a place to really sit back and enjoy.,
This place has been on my bookmarked list for some time. I made sure to make reservations for dinner when i was in Sf for the weekend. I got the chilean sea bass which comes with garlic noodles and my boyfriend got the wasabi noodles. Both dishes were really good and had great flavor! We both didn't care too much for the steak in the wasabi noodles but the noodles were really good.chilean sea bass was really good as well. Will definitely be back!,
I've had my eye on The House for a while, but I have a general wariness for any Asian fusion type place, usually because it veers far too much towards the westernized side and overlooks the uniqueness of Asian cuisine. However, The House has achieved this balance with innovative and tasty food! I walked in at 7pm and thought I wouldn't be able to get a spot for 2 without a reservation, but luckily there are tables crammed into the hallway behind the central area you see when you look through the window. It's a tight squeeze, but I'd rather run into a couple elbows than not get my dinner. We ordered the grilled shrimp salad, deep-fried salmon rolls, Korean short rib special, and wasabi noodles with flatiron steak. The grilled shrimp salad was a bit weird to me - I couldn't really identify many pieces of shrimp among the pork skin, and I'm also not a huge fan of chicharrones. The deep fried salmon rolls had a deliciously thin fried layer, but the best part is the tingly sauce you dip them in. While the wasabi noodles had a good texture, I wasn't really tasting the wasabi until the very end. The real show-stopper was the Korean short ribs. They were so tender and cooked perfectly, the small mountain of fried shallots (or whatever it was) managed to be flavorful, and the kimchi had this hint of sweetness that you don't normally get from jarred kimchi from the supermarket. We paid around $50 pp and the portions were so filling and good! It's a bit noisy and crowded, but this place is such a great deal for the food and the price you pay.,
I came here on a Sunday for lunch- super excited to try this place because I have a sweet spot for asian fusion. The restaurant is so small...come early or make reservations because there is such limited seating. We ordered the wasabi noodles, curry noodles, and deep fried salmon rolls. Everything was good! I'd definitely get the wasabi noodles again, but pass on the curry noodles to try a different offering. This meal only made me want to try the other options next time- especially the sea bass, black cod, scallops, and short ribs,
Reservations are a must!! We made a reservation @5pm on a saturday and boy, was there a line! even for people whom made reservations!!, i've only been here two times and i've gotta say, color me impressed! I got the wasabi noodles this time with a open faced eel roll and it was just amazing!!! i also got the steak and scallops last time and those were great as well!. it is on the pricey side, but i highly recommend!,
This place books up quick. I came by myself on vacation at 5:15pm and they were already almost full. It's a simple and small place but they love quick and you can see they really appreciate their guests. For starter I had the oysters with a cilantro spicy mignonette. Divine. Then got the sea bass based on what everyone was saying and it did not disappoint. Crispy in all the right places and succulent in all the others. I wasn't too into their dessert but had a lovely plum wine to top it off.,
The House has been one of our favorite restaurants.  The Asia fusion flavor is so on point.  The Seabass is a must try and the home made desserts are yummy.  Try the mango tapioca which is so light and refreshing. The pork chops are amazing too.,
I was a bit wary trying an "Asian fusion" restaurant, but I most say I was pleasantly surprised. This was some high quality food. You can trust all the glowing yelp reviews on this one. Yum :-),
Love this place !! recommended by a friend and she was right! Ordered the unagi as appetizer. It's so fresh and the sauce is perfect.  I also love their miso sea bass! Its so soft it melts in your mouth. It's a must try (I can finish two of those. ) Pork chop is also very good and it comes with fried taro chips for both dishes. Con- quite small inside and no valet parking,
Came here for dinner last night. The poki starter was excellent and delicious. Had fried brown rice kernels throughout with avocados. Yummy. I ordered the sea bass. It was good but not as tender as I would like. It came with garlic noodles and green beans. My girlfriend had a chicken dish. It was a 1/4 Of a chicken with orange gravy over mashed potatoes and had grape tomatoes.  The chicken was very tender although I could not distinguish the sauce. All in all the food was good.,
The House is the super tight & cramped space that has the best sea bass I've ever had. It literally melts in your mouth. I have dreams about this dish. Minus one star for how close the quarters are here - a waiter has elbowed me in the head while trying to serve another table (he was really apologetic, and all of the service is always lovely), and one time someone broke a beer bottle and it splattered on my shoe. Because the space is so small and there are so many tables crammed in, it gets really loud. The House is not your dream first date place.,
Small little place . Good food and decent service . Menu needs to change more often for what they are trying to pretrade,
Absolute perfection, wow this place is delicious!! We came here for lunch and were seated immediately. The service was amazing. The food is to die for!!! Sea bass was crazy good! And it's pricey but totally worth it!! I'm coming back!!!